https://codepen.io/curtisdhenley/pen/LYLNVow

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic HTML identifies the elements task, whereas non-semantic HTML is not specific
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To mark up and structure text on a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute helps specify an element even more and is placed in the start tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The most important title on the page and it can only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag and image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    all meta information that will not be displayed on the page
    7. What is an id? 
    An attribute used to specify a unique id on an element and can only be used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute used to describe an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Place target="_blank" before the closing angle bracket on the start tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It's used to provide a description of the img for screen readers and incase the img can't be loaded in the browser
    15. How do I reference an id?
    To call an ID in CSS and HTML you use the # symbol followed by the ID Name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic tag that specifies what the element is doing whereas div is a non-semantic tag and doesn't have a specific task as it is mostly used for styling
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style the HTML on the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    the syntax to style h2 would be h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used on multiple elements whereas an id can only be used once per element. You would use a class to style multiple elements at the same time and an id is used when you want to be as specific as possible when calling an element in CSS
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Classes are selected with a dot . in front of the class name. Like .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    To specifically select it you would use p.human to style the element
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selecting the parent element would change the styling on all elements nested to that parent, but selecting the child element would not change the parent. This is useful when you want to change a whole block of code while keeping the code as DRY as possible.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    I would use .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its used to add style to the element but only when a certain requirement is met like hover or click
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    You would use the line-height property and change its value
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    You can select the letter-spacing property and adjust its value
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You use the text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    You add styling to the div using the border property and change its value to 1px dotted black 
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use the universal selector which is 
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/ anything written between the asterisks will be commented out
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Use command pwd Print Working Directory 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use command ls List Directory Contents
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    Use command rm<file> Remove<file name>. Yes because if you accidentally select the directory the entire folder will be deleted 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    In case you need to recall to a previous version before a change was made that broke the code or made a bug 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or when you finish a feature
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    The initial push command is git push origin -u branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -Fork your own version of the repo
    -Ensure you username is in front of repo name
    -Clone repo using the clone/download button
    -Using the CLI use cd command until you are in directory where you want to clone your forked repo
    -Use git clone <paste copied link> to clone a copy in the directory you chose
    -cd into new repo
    -Checkout a new branch using git checkout -b branch-name
    -Work on assignment while regularly adding, commiting, and pushing your changes
    -In order to push changed use command git add . followed by git commit -m "detailed comment of changes made" followed by git push origin -u branch-name
    -After initial push, each follow-up push you only have to use git add . followed by git commit -m "detailed comment of changes" followed by git push
    -Now that there are changes to the remote repo you can create a pull request
    -Go to your forked repo on github and make sure you are not on original
    -Triple check the changes are being made to your branch and click new pull request
    -verify once again that it is your branch receiving changes and click create pull request
    -Your changes will now be ready for review

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element takes up only the space it needs whereas a block element takes up the whole row
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 